hey welcome back to postage on Steve's
okay I want to make a slight correction
here I've been really busy lately I'm
putting together my guitar letter system
which will be ready in about 29 days
that I'm already giving pre-orders on it
cuz I'm offering a 50% discount it's
gonna help so many people take a quantum
leap it's gonna blow their minds they'll
get around the web believe me but anyway
I was so busy thinking about that I
don't know why but the guy I bought this
from told me that this front pickup
which sounds unreal by the way was an
aftermarket p90 but it's got two sets of
screws so you know I pretty sure it's a
humbucker right anybody knows what kind
of pickup this is let me know but
darkness sounds good
I don't know if it's an EMG or what but
it sounds so creepy like lobster dipped
in butter I just want to show this
guitar a little bit
so you can kind of see the flame it's
kind of hard to show this flame so all
there you can kind of see it there but
the back of this guitar is so beautiful
the way the flame kind of does v's all
the way young have a symmetrical flame
shape it's really a lot of box so if you
could use it great jazz guitar this
thing really punches way above I mean if
somebody blindfolded you and he played
this guitar and heard the tone even
through a solid state man thought saw a
man that just sounds just wonderful so
yeah I'm pretty sure that's a humbucker
pickup because it has the two sets of
screws right so if anybody knows what
can I pick up that is just let me know
I'd appreciate that but anyway I just
want to make that correction plenty of
fret on this guitar Paulie could use a
little bit of a cleaning but this is
really really a nice box I just sold one
kind of like this for the Venetian craft
before this pickup sounds it has a
really nice balance but it's got that
nice deep jazz tone but with a little
bit of air and tone around it not just
them as Pat Metheny was they not just
that kind of tubby muddy l52 like a
grade l5 a lot of them are kind of heavy
that's why Pat Metheny he said in the
175 book he prefers a good 175 but man
this guitar punch is way way way above
its price point here but just want to
make that
you know if anybody knows exactly what
kind of pickup this is please let me
know pretty sure like I said it's got
two sets of screws a pretty darn sure
it's a combo very unless they make no I
thought that was the whole thing though
right with the p90 except on one set of
screws anyway really nice guitar I want
to make that correction so if you could
use a great jazz box you'll love this
guitar alright this is gonna be a real
real short video here sure nice and lay
down a tuna yeah I've always loved
Ibanez guitars and you know guitars are
interesting it's it's one and every two
or three hundred is really stellar this
David Lee Roth would say and this sure
is one of them I'm going to million 175
in my life and you probably think I'm
just making a set but I used to I'm not
making this up I used to own a 62 which
I love because that's the year that Joe
passed plate is 62 and I actually
studied with the world over years and
years and years ago but I like the sound
of this guitar better I really do I'm
not just saying that it has more has
more depth to it but I guess it's a
subjective thing but I do love an old
vintage 175 and I know they're worth a
lot more than this guitar but I'm just
saying honestly because I I don't think
with my with brands I don't think with
Brad you know Ibanez Gibson whatever
maybe I think with my ears in terms of
tone and I you tone wise I mean sure I
do you know something we're gonna give
me a 62 170 that would be like stoked
right it's worth a lot of money tone
wise though I honestly think this guitar
sounds better than most 175 so I played
I've have had some good 175 and some
damn good man this guitars right there
or not even beyond it seems to have
better definition a better definition in
the bass I think it's because what Ivan
has does like some of the Gibson 175
from 88 89 in that period where had
really nice like maple fused with
mahogany and they had mahogany backs
those I think are some of the best
sounding ones but anyway this is like a
box and I'll take care if you want
interesting seven one four five four
eight zero three eight five or a good
way to get in touch with me is just go
to Steve's of Qatar's net and fill out
that contact form and I don't know why
people feel that awesome heaven don't
get me an email address that doesn't
make any sense to me you know I don't
rent or sell or do anything with email
addresses they're just for my private
business so you don't need to worry
about giving me an email address you're
not going to get 12 billion
solicitations for a peanut butter or
something okay I do not sell or rent or
anything I don't do anything with email
addresses so recently had somebody
inquire about or l87 hunter but he
didn't send me an e-mail address so how
can I send him links to all my videos
and things and whatever it take